well I'm trying to do a one-handed
unboxing of this skill compound miter
saw got 10 inch blade should be good
enough 184 give me any blade from a
knife it's going to get me a table saw
ain't really got room for it directions
it is handle
des collector alright don't know if I'll
be able do this one here I'm not hold on
a second
alright well I got it out we need the
two hands but just I'm good hold on
zip tie it's probably worse than the box
and maybe everyone's hold on one more
time
all right thank you gotta figure that
it's not very big should work for an 84
yeah let me get set up and we'll cut a
piece of wood with it all right
I got her hooked up and I did buy me and
shut back earlier today from Lowe's is
on so for 40 bucks okay
taped to the back huh
Wow
and give me some ear pull-ups and we get
a piece of wood and we'll try superset
it worked
well I like to fine-tune the vacuum
still getting more sawdust
what bitch smooth cut like butter I'm
sure be good